# GasAlat-Description
  GasAlat is a game changer. We provide not just comfort but increase in productivity as we help our clients plan ahead. Since our product is a non-invasive device, it makes it very easy to use. Our end game is to incorporate an automatic booking system so as to allow for immediate refilling of LPG gas cylinders. 
  The use of LPG gas cookers in homes has become a popular means of cooking in our society. It is a means of cooking that is fast and economical. But it comes with a problem. The gas in the cylinders can be exhausted without the user being notified. This presents a very big issue has the LPG gas can finish at odd hours when the user will not be able to refill the cylinder. About a month ago, a student of the Federal University of Technology, Akure who was planning to go for night class had placed his food on his LPG gas cooker only for his LPG gas to finish after just 20 minutes into the cooking. He was so devastated has he had no other option that night. This is just one out of the numerous experiences that were gathered during our research.
  Our solution, GasAlat is a non-invasive device that provides the user with real time knowledge of the level of gas in the cylinder using visual indicators. The indicators used are LED’s. One of the LED’s represent FULL level, another represents MEDIUM level and the third represents CRITICAL level. All the user has to do is to place the cylinder on our product and it does the rest.
  Our target audience includes households and student campuses. According to TechnoOil cooksafe, there are 30million households in Nigeria and about 4% of these households make use of LPG cylinders. This constitutes around 1.2million households. Our goal is to first capture akure which constitute a segment of that population. 
  The current alternative solution is for LPG gas owners to pick up their LPG cylinder and shake it to confirm if the level of gas in it is still sufficient. This method is quite inefficient as the human faculties cannot effectively predict the level gas.
  Generally, we humans do not like to find ourselves in an uncertain circumstance. During our research, we discovered that people preferred having daily tasks thathave a huge influence on their lives sorted and planned out. Majority of people we interviewed keyed into the idea of having a solution that will provide real time update about the level of gas in their cylinder. They all wanted that opportunity of planning ahead. This is what GasAlat brings to the table.
